# Political-warfare
Describing and understanding the methods used in political warfare. What happens when conflict is used not to aqcuire a resource but to control groups of people.

## Concept
Politics is the field that is concerned with governing a group or groups. Political warfare, on the other hand, is all about governing groups in such a way as to increase the odds of winning a war. A war is a period in time where groups are involved in conflict. Conflict is a battle between opposing forces that always revolves around a difference in the timelines of the participating groups. This difference needs to overlap in both time and space in order to incite conflict, as this overlap forces both parties involved to confront these differences each and everytime they meet, be this interaction indirectly or directly. These differences therefore integrate into the timelines of both parties with each confrontation, forcing conformity with each confrontation added along the way. Hence why each interaction between these groups is experienced as a form of repression. Conflict therefore is a quest to ensure the conformity of the opposing force without having to jeopardize your own timeline.

Political warfare therefore could be stated as the tool used to govern groups in such a way as to ensure the conformity of your timeline.

## Introduction
Political warfare has always been around, but has seen the height of its existence during the cold war. Back when the USSR and the USA were battling it out wheter communism was better or if capitalism was the better system. Both systems only govern how the economics of a society functions, how something receives its value. One derives the value of a product via supply and demand and the other has the state decide it for them, in order to ensure availibilty. Both have pros and cons, and in todays world most systems ended up implementing a combination between both systems. Having a free market as in capitalism yet also having some form of governmental control surrounding certain products to ensure availibility, i.e. social welfare/compensation where discounts and incomes are given to the poorer, public healthcare, government interventions in economic sectors that are at risk during an economic crisis, subsidies, etc.

Yet despite this being a difference in opinion in economic systems, one group ended up fearing the control the other group had and vice versa. And so both ended up trying to undermine the other, in an attempt to stop their 'influence'. This is where governing both your groups and the groups of others becomes vital, in other words politics became an essential tool to stop their influence and spread your own. And since these two economic systems were at a cross road with one another and constantly vying for control, tensions quickly escalated into conflict and later progressed into a war. Hence the birth of political warfare in order to fuel the cold war.

Also something worth noting, this war never was about the advantages of one system over the other it was about the amount of influence they had. And while this might seem like the same thing at first glance it is in fact not. The influence of anything is conveyed through the mood of the one exerting it, a metacognition therefore is always the vector for the influence. It's not about the thing itself it's about the thing surrounding the thing. Hence why this usually is a war conducted by and for sociopaths. They don't know what they're fighting the war for, they do however know that the other's influence will crumble when they win it. Hence why the cold war was a war of influence and of nothing else, it had no other substance behind it.

As insane as the cold war might have been and as fun as it would be to think that it is over, the shadow of that time period still looms over this world to this very day. Plenty of current conflicts were in fact incited by that time period. Those conflicts still need to be addressed as of now and the depressing thing about it all is that by the looks of things that way of reasoning surrounding influences has gone nowhere.
